well now we have the opportunity
ask a couple of questions the murado department
Satybaldiyeva whose debut was
well we all saw one rosskazhi in
what age did you start practicing
boxing to boxing on really only
three years ago I was doing it
kickboxing
already 13 years in general sports and here years
and just recently 2010 switched to boxing
and amateur
two and a half years have boxed and decided
go to professionals and to
amateur ring which is the biggest
achievements you had if not considered
the silver medal of Europe is just
world championship participant we were not lucky
a bit more often the world championship
what have I come to tell you only 18 years old
as we know in Ukraine since the age of 18
can be a professional boxer
it was your wish who made you think
so at such an early age become
professional boxer and if in new
I would probably want to see
action there I would have dreamed about it all
life just step on
professional ring
Since childhood I have been watching fights Mike Tyson and
as if constantly attracted it all I passed
earlier
honestly eighteen
turned out I said coach I want
a professional, he helped me a little
it turned out how much preparation for fought
duel and what's the difference between
professional boxing and amateur
today you feel the difference
The preparation lasted for a month and a half on
in fact generally the best diseases or
unsuccessfully, then all would come well, victory
Republican and the difference in amateur
it is already noticeable that the round will increase by
1 round and no more team there stop
openly there are many allowed to put
boxing to put restore where he
open what melee much time
is given in the amateur constantly breaking
do not give a blow even a man and is about
number I think this is the difference tell here
Already talked about what your idol Mike
tyson and we saw today in general
some elements are even very
really looks like how are you
and take this manner and on what else
your opinion need to work I started
boxing I already said
looked scared and i have since we
Wanted already learning was repeating his movement
then with time I look, well, I'm not
we repeated already I became automatic
nothing trying and get it from
study there well I think that from me
left speed and force of impact think
as seen today there will not rise
after strikes became one strike force and
speed to add a Well
congratulations on your victory and good luck in
further duels